README.md, before:

# Art At GVSU

[![CalVer 2023.12.1012][img_version]][url_version]

## Getting Started

1. Open the .xcodeproj file by double clicking it in Finder or via the command-line

    ```
    open ArtAtGVSU.xcodeproj
    ```
1. Navigate to the Project Manager and click the "Signing & Capabilities" tab
1. On the "Signing & Capabilities" tab, Enter the Team account info for the project. You'll need to get these credentials from a current team member.
1. Hit <kbd>Command+R</kbd> and run the app using an iPhone or a simulator.

[img_version]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=CalVer&message=2023.12.1012&color=blue
[url_version]: https://github.com/gvsucis/art-at-gvsu-v3

## Release

### Testflight

Testflight builds will automatically on new commits to the main branch.

### App Store

App Store releases are handled by the GitHub Action called "Deploy Production."

Before creating a new release, update the [fastlane/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt](./fastlane/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt) file with a description of the important changes made since the last release.

Commit message:

Add Git Commit hook for code checks (#21)
* Add pre-commit command

* Add step to sort xcode

* Sort xcode project file

* Add note in README

README.md, after:

# Art At GVSU

[![CalVer 2023.12.1012][img_version]][url_version]

## Getting Started

1. Open the .xcodeproj file by double clicking it in Finder or via the command-line

    ```
    open ArtAtGVSU.xcodeproj
    ```
1. Navigate to the Project Manager and click the "Signing & Capabilities" tab
1. On the "Signing & Capabilities" tab, Enter the Team account info for the project. You'll need to get these credentials from a current team member.
1. Hit <kbd>Command+R</kbd> and run the app using an iPhone or a simulator.

[img_version]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=CalVer&message=2023.12.1012&color=blue
[url_version]: https://github.com/gvsucis/art-at-gvsu-v3

## Committing

Run the following command before adding a new commit

```
make bootstrap
```

This will install several Git commit hooks via [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) to ensure
the Xcode project file is sorted among other code quality checks.

## Release

### Testflight

Testflight builds will automatically on new commits to the main branch.

### App Store

App Store releases are handled by the GitHub Action called "Deploy Production."

Before creating a new release, update the [fastlane/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt](./fastlane/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt) file with a description of the important changes made since the last release.
